[Applause]
absolutely no introduction Jill Biden
himself is here all right this is the
hard part
bear with me okay I couldn't get through
your book I tried your son beau had the
same cancer that my father was diagnosed
with six months ago and I'm sorry if
there's a lot of hopefully I think about
beau almost every day and it was told
sorry that this doesn't get easier but
do you cultivate the tools to work with
this and live with this I know you and
your family have been through tragedy
that I couldn't conceive of no what
would you tell people it's not about me
it's about everyone but look one of the
things that gave beau courage my word
was John mm-hmm your dad
you may remember when you're a little
kid your dad took care of my bull your
dad when he was a mill aid work with me
became friends with bow and bow talked
about your dad's courage not about
illness what about his courage and look
there's a lot of things happen and any
of you have somebody who is diagnosed
with glioblastoma which is about as bad
as it gets
there's breakthroughs that are occurring
now there's four things that are going
on and it's and it could happen tomorrow
like for example at the University of
Pennsylvania where I teach now there is
at the FDA Abramson Center what they
found out is a thing called a car t-cell
what they do is they is they take the
cells your t-cells their immune system
cells out of your body and they
reinforce it with an antigen and that
goes in and that finds the cancer cell
because the cancer cells can hide from
the your immune system and they've had a
breakthrough with a new drug dealing
with child leukemia and it's working
there's other things called
they they have a a what they did with Bo
was starting to happen now they're using
this car t-cell and they're using a net
a they inject a virus and it generates
into the end of the cancer and so there
is hope and if anybody can make it
you're dead her dad we're like two
brothers who were somehow raised by
different fathers or something because
of our because our points of view but I
know and I mean this is su and I've said
it all even when your dad got mad at me
said get the hell off the ticket I said
I know and I mean this sincerely I know
if I picked up the phone tonight and
called John McCain and said John I'm at
second and Vine in in in Oshkosh and I
need your help
come he'd get on a plane to come and I
would for him to the thing that I found
the thing that I found was and beau
insisted on your dad's gun insist on is
you've got to maintain hope there's hope
hope is that you have to have hope and
so everyday bow would say but we would
say is and if you I don't suggest you
read the book but the booking bow would
say let's make a deal we are not gonna
talk about percentages dead we're naki
got us in the room after the diagnosis
when the doctor who is one of the guys
you had your dad talked to the second
that they found out they called you and
so and and so what happened was you know
this doctor young at MD Anderson one of
the great cancer hospitals her dad's in
a great hospital as well but he is a
he's a
neuro-oncologist and so Bo got this
devastating diagnosis like your dad we
were in his room was after the operation
the tumor was taken out we're about to
go home and we sat there and both said
no percentages and he looked at doc I
said doc dr. young what should Bo do now
he said he was going to run for governor
he said go home and run for governor go
home and run for governor so we got to
just keep moving like this is going to
happen it's going to happen that's why I
set up this foundation after we did the
moonshot because I swear guys we are
going to beat this damn disease Oh pass
how are you and Jill doing well it's uh
you know it takes it just it just takes
a long time our prayer was the same one
that Megan's gonna have and her dad that
the science will outrun the disease and
and it's getting closer and closer but
you know bo was vote was my soul yeah
and and his brother and he were excuse
me his your bad influence his brother
Hunter were they were joined at the hip
their year in a day apart they did I you
know when when hunt got up and did Bo's
eulogy and my daughter Ashley I was I
was I was blown away by their the grace
they had and he started off and he said
you know when the accident occurred when
I read right after I got elected my wife
and daughter were struck by it and my
two kids a tractor-trailer broadside him
killed my wife and killed my daughter
and my two boys are really badly injured
and both hunt started off his eulogy for
his brother and he said we were in the
hospital bed I had a severe skull
fracture bo had most bones in his body
broken in the same room and he said he
leaned over to me where Bo is God's
truth I witnessed that I was there
doctors are there he was almost four
Bo's Hunt was almost three and you look
over he said hunt look at me look at me
hon I love you I love you hon hold my
hand hold my hand
that was bo bo was all
the guy from the time he was a child
always giving and I think what some of
us miss is that you know Whoopie I got
to the point where when they were about
12 and 13 I found myself my god
for real looking up to them the third
character I mean they're they're the
ones that helped raise me so bow-bow is
is is is missing but but we we've all
decided to not talk about the loss as
much about as the inspiration he was to
all of us and and you know I'm going to
long I apologize but but look there's
hope in purpose you know I'm a module
concept there's three point the parts of
happiness something to do someone to
love and something to look forward to
and we're looking forward to is what
would Bo one is doing now if you were
here and I swear to god that's what
we're all trying to do my wife my
daughter my son grandkids all five of
them and by the way my grandkids love me
better than anybody in the whole world
compassion you're a great hope to me and
everyone else in the country right now
thank you so much and we'll be right
back and I promise we'll stop crying